a relationship is something that
requires constant work doc I just feel
like sometimes he's not even trying
anything seriously he's cleany he's
terrified of being by himself
what do you hold hands you got to
interlock it though
if you don't interlock it might as well
just be friends I'm not partners
how you like Jump Street now I got a
big-ass raise to babysit you dumb cops
again you'll be going in as undercover
college students somebody's cooking up a
new drug it's adderall mixed with
ecstasy wipey wipey Wi-Fi I know you can
get Wi-Fi on campus anywhere 24/7 do you
think they mean Wi-Fi the drug or Wi-Fi
have the Internet shit
you're too deep maybe you aren't in deep
enough
are you dicking around in school indeed
well one of us got laid last night
really old 19 to your thrusting so hard
I thought your hip popped out I don't
have a single lead we need an expert to
consult
I heard someone's bringing a shit ton of
that stuff down to Mexico for spring
break
that's your lead that's what you start
with Spring Break
got room for these babies a grenade
oh that's just one sanitary feels right
I'm still stuck like your name
right simmer me I'm your best nightmare
I'm your worst nightmare
I'm not gonna fight a girl no what are
you doing oh my dude I straight hit me
try and kiss you know you're leaning in
again what it can this is the most
uncomfortable fistfight I've ever been